Thank you boyfriend for taking me to work
If you like it, I will send it to you every day in the future.
I'm going to find Gu Zhenting now.
Go home early and pay attention to safety.
What are you looking for Gu Zhenting for?
Yesterday in kindergarten, thanks to his help
You should say thank you for your love and reason
No need.
I don't think it's necessary to be so polite to him.
He's not my boyfriend
Say thank you. It should be.
Bye bye, come back
Did Mr. Gu bring his clothes?
I brought it and prepared it for you.
Hey, Mr. Gu
What are you in such a hurry for?
Guess the president of the company
Aren't you Mr. Gu?
Forget it, I can't tell you.
Oops, I forgot my phone.
The brain is not clear when it comes to love
Has Daddy Doudou left yet?
Where did he go?